Adding CDN properties for Organization Branding images (#12671)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/organizationalbrandingpropertieslocalization-create.md

> |bannerLogo|Stream|A banner version of your company logo which appears appears on the sign-in page. .png or .jpg no larger than 36x245px. We recommend using a transparent image with no padding around the logo.|
> |signInPageText|String|Text that appears at the bottom of the sign-in box. You can use this to communicate additional information, such as the phone number to your help desk or a legal statement. This text must be Unicode and not exceed 1024 characters.|
> |squareLogo|Stream|Square version of your company logo. This appears in Windows 10 out-of-box (OOBE) experiences and when Windows Autopilot is enabled for deployment. .png or .jpg no larger than 240x240px and no more than 10kb in size. We recommend using a transparent image with no padding around the logo.|
> |squareLogoDark|Stream| A dark square version of your company logo. This appears in Windows 10 out-of-box (OOBE) experiences and when Windows Autopilot is enabled for deployment. .png or .jpg no larger than 240x240px and no more than 10kb in size. We recommend using a transparent image with no padding around the logo. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|bannerLogo|Stream|A banner version of your company logo which appears on the sign-in page. Allowed types are PNG or JPEG no larger than 36 × 245 pixels. We recommend a transparent image with no padding around the logo.|
|signInPageText|String|Text that appears at the bottom of the sign-in box. You can use this to communicate additional information, such as the phone number to your help desk or a legal statement. This text must be Unicode and not exceed 1024 characters.|
|squareLogo|Stream|Square version of your company logo that appears in Windows 10 out-of-box experiences (OOBE) and when Windows Autopilot is enabled for deployment. Allowed types are PNG or JPEG no larger than 240 ⅹ 240 pixels and no more than 10 KB in size. We recommend a transparent image with no padding around the logo.|
|squareLogoDark|Stream| A dark square version of your company logo that appears in Windows 10 out-of-box experiences (OOBE) and when Windows Autopilot is enabled for deployment. Allowed types are PNG or JPEG no larger than 240 ⅹ 240 pixels and no more than 10 KB in size. We recommend a transparent image with no padding around the logo. |
```
